[Music]
What's up my dear Lovers of the
heart we have another hot news
that again involves Antonio David
but this time it is Paloma
Barrientos who attacks him
stating that Antonio is a great
manipulator Marta Riesco is currently
working as a reporter for
a website of
extramarital encounters and this made her relive
her love story with Antonio David
however La Crónica rosa by the hand
of Federico Jiménez los Santos has
reviewed this whole romantic story
that has given us so much to talk about and this
is where we come across the blow to the Malaga
native the los santos es
radio station was one of the very few spaces
where Antonio David was defended from the
gigantic campaign that Rocío
Carrasco led against him being supported by a
huge media group folded to her
story in order to promote a feminism
that sometimes cracked but
this does not mean that some attitudes
can be questioned and this is when
Paloma Barrientos enters the scene
stating categorically that Antonio  David
Flores is the great manipulator
referring to how he behaved at the
end of his relationship with Marta Riesco
Federico scourge and mercy of
Carrasquero without fear of making enemies with
a part of the audience that idolizes
Antonio David whatever he does and nothing
family I hope your comments
regarding this remember to subscribe
Leave your like and we will see you very
soon with more news from the world of the
heart a very strong hug